A suggested made to me by people for the ludum dare
is to add a indicator to find plants.

I also found another game that used this when you
got close to a target this game had you eliminating
targets untill none where left in contrast to my
game where you just keep finding more and more.

If I change my game to be a count down instead it
may make me focus on doing some level design which
is a weak point of mine with making games that I 
should practice at least a little.

Also if my game now has an indicator I either need
to keep track of a list of spawned objects or I now
would only need to have one at a time till the
player no longer needs it (this would mean changing
my project might open up windows for new mechanics)

	
  Concept:
For the first ideas when it comes to an indicator
I should have some for the plants and the hay pile
at least when a bird is about to swoop. I also want
to have indicators for farmers to give a little
more of a heads up. After I have done this for the
farmers I want to then make it so that a row or
column of farmers can show up leaving a small space
that the player must scurry to to survive. For the
farmers it would be an arrow or indicator at the
edge of the screen for each farmer. For the other 
things it would be a single arrow that rotates 
around the player pointing to one plant or hay pile
(perhaps just the closest one)



The game could imporve by adding animations that
play and signal an area you need to dodge the area
could be a line, spot or other shape.
